#Table name
data

#Input column name	Output column name
biz_type	Business Type
platform_id	Platform ID
pmgw_name	Payment Gateway
bill_country_id	Billing Country ID
client_id	Client ID
so_no	SO Number
prod_name	Product Name
cat_name	Category Name
item_sku	SKU
dispatch_date	Dispatch Date
order_create_date	Order Date
amount	Order Amount
delivery_type_id	Delivery
request_date	Request Date
approve_date	Approve Date
refund_date	Refund Date
refund_type	Refund Type
currency_id	Currency ID
refund_amount	Refund Amount
refund_score	Refund Score
request_by	Request By
description	Refund Reason
notes	Comment
refund_status	Refund Status
cs_approval_date	CS approval date
cs_approved_by	CS Approved By
supplier_status	Supply status